feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/facebook.mdx

---
title: Facebook

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Facebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Facebook.

```

To make the development flow as smooth as possible, Clerk uses  preconfigured shared OAuth credentials and redirect URIs for development instances - no other configuration is needed.

> For production instances, you will need to create your own developer account with Facebook and generate your own **App ID** and **App Secret**.

Author: Keeping it consistent with how "Facebook" is referenced throughout the doc. It is not bolded throughout.
